METAL OBJECT COLLISION
metal object (ships, stations) colliding with something
note: this sound is not played when projectile hits the object, only when object collides with another object

ROCK OBJECT COLLISION
rock object (asteroid, planet ground, maze wall) colliding with something
note: this sound is not played when projectile hits the object, only when object collides with another object

ASTEROID CRACK
asteroid is cracked into smaller pieces and produces dust

DOOR ACTIVATION
door starting to move -- a door motor has started working (can be seen on trader ship)
may resemble a sound of elevator

FORCE FIELD WORKING
is heard in the ship when the ship is being pulled with the force field (near star port or trader ship)
may sound as something sci-fi, pew pew
looped
needs fixing -- now it's being played only when super close to the destination

PROJECTILE WORK SOUND
some projectiles may produce sound while they fly: rocket engine sound, energy projectiles may sound somehow, too
looped

PROJECTILE COLLISION SOUND
some projectiles should produce sound when they reach a target: rocket explosions, energy blips, etc.
note: surfaces being hit can also produce sounds depending on the projectile type they were hit with. This way, when projectile hits something, 2 sounds are played:
1. projectile collision sound
2. surface being hit by the specified projectile type.

SHIELD STARTED REGENERATING
when shield was damaged but started regenerating. Different shield types can have different sounds.

SHIELD ABSORBED DAMAGE
occurs every time shield absorbs damage from projectile. Different shield types can have different sounds.

SHIP ENGINE WORK
is played when ship engine is on and ship gains acceleration. Different engine types can have different sounds. There should be one that sounds like a truck engine. And 3 types that sound like, eh, space rocket?

GUN SHOOT
there would be wide variety of guns, but all of them can be divided in 3 categories: bullet-based, energy-based, rocked-based. Plus 2 special types: energy charge that disables ship controls and a gun that shoots with heavy "nails" that don't do damage but apply force to enemy.

GUN RECHARGE

OBJECT BURNING
asteroids burn in atmosphere and ships burn when they're heavily damaged.
looped

SHIP CONTROLS DISABLED
there's a weapon that can disable controls of enemy ships for some time. Should sound like engines turning off -- as if all devices on the ship are disabled by some charge

SHIP CONTROLS ENABLED
should sound like everything in the ship is turned on again

SHIP ABILITY ACTIVATED
some ships have special one-off abilities: teleport, slow down, knock everything back, etc. Different ability types can have different sounds.

SHIP ABILITY RECHARGED
After using ship ability, ship needs some time to recharge it.

SHIP ABILITY FAILED TO ACTIVATE
sometimes abilities can't be used


to be continued